[Music] If you have purchased a
mediclaim then
today's topic is definitely going to be very necessary and
very important for all of you.
Today we are going to talk about
how to find out a network hospital from
your nearby location. Along with this,
I will tell you that if you get
admitted in a network hospital here, then
definitely you do not have to pay even ₹1, the
settlement is done automatically by clicking here. The
same is going to talk about how
you have to check out, you can do it through the P code here
or you can also check by
entering the name of any hospital whether that hospital
comes under the network hospital or not. Along with
this, you will be able to find out in an entire city also. To know the
complete details,
just stay tuned. So, you simply have to
open the Play Store.
After opening, you have to
search out the iBill Take Care
application here. When you search out this,
you will see some such application here. You can see
iBill Take Care Insurance App.  Well,
after installing it,
you should open it and create your account and
finish everything here,
as you can see here that at the moment
your policy name is visible, along with this,
all injured, in this way, so guys,
you get to see the options below,
Policy, Claim, Home, along with this,
By Policy and Network, which
option is available in the last corner on the
right hand side, simply you have to
tap on the network, after doing that,
you will get to see something like this here,
you will see that
according to your current location, you will get
to see the preferred hospital, it is
listed here,
like here you can see Samaj
Hospital, which is here on Gola Bihar Map,
if you want to find out this
hospital, then
simply you have to tap on this icon below, the
option is available, if you tap on it, then
you will get to see something like this here,
if you
want to find out the current location, then
Definitely you have to tap on the detector location
and you will be able to find it out here, along with
this you get to
see the selected category, you will be
able to find out the P code, along with this
friends, along with this you can enter the hospital name and
tech or specialist or procedure, so enter it, if
you want to find out through the P code here, then
definitely you have to enter
your P code, whatever location you have, so
simply enter your P code and enter it, like
here I am lying down after doing Antak and
you can see that it has been confirmed, along with this
if I enter another P code in front of you
because I am a resident of Delhi, simply
tap on the search again,
after entering it, then here you will see
Sarthak Medical Center, which has been
changed, along with this if I
enter another P code again, then the
name of the hospital will change here in front of you, like here you will see
Bam Gupta Hospital, along with this
Jeevan Jyoti Hospital, along with this
you can enter the hospital name here and find out  If you
want to know whether the hospital
is listed in the network hospital or not, then simply
you have to type in the hospital name and
after tapping, you have to type in the hospital name and type in the same as
you have entered, simply
you have to tap on search
and here you will see that
you get to see the complete details,
location as well as address, as
I told you, if you
enter the hospital name here, then after entering,
if it is not listed then you will definitely
not get to see it, you will
not get to see this option here,
suppose if I enter any one here, if I enter it, then you will
see no record form, which means
in the network hospital,
you will get to see the details of only 19, you will get
to see their information in the area,
along with this, you
can find out the specialist as well by
entering the city here, so the procedure will be the
same for the hospital as well, for the
specialist as well and for the procedure here, so guys I
hope you understood  You must be wondering how
you have to find out, how you have to know
which is the network hospital here
and which is not, so guys I hope
you liked it, don't drink it like this, if you do
n't have information in it then please like it,
subscribe to our channel so much, something like this for all of you,
well well the content remains late, then we will
meet again next time, till then bye take
care, thanks, thank you for watching